okay I just want to ask everybody have
you seen this new split coming cuz I
sure did not that was quite a surprise
hey guys enemy gamer 75 here welcome to
another video um this is going to be a
video response that someone post this on
youtube regarding this particular a new
spit right here this is one's going to
be called new video group to release the
jomon adventure season one on DVD so you
can tell by the anime news network's I
news fit right here I actually got this
some wind of the of this particular news
here we're not when I was on the
internet late Thursday night while
watching the olympics at the same time
when I saw this I thought I thought to
myself wait what and and and then like
my jaw literally dropped when you know a
company under no we're announcing the
season sets of did your mind and let me
go ahead and get a close up here and you
know because I never expected it at all
because you know normally of course when
you have a complete set like this
normally we have a two-volume set pretty
much you know on a smudge on most anime
titles when new videos sit if a new
video group said it's going to be
complete and I mean they mean complete I
mean this was going to be 54 episodes on
eight desk which is pretty neat and as
you can see I this one's going to retail
around 80 bucks right here I can
actually find these cheaper I saw one at
amazon I you can pre actually order it
on amazon at costs around 72 bucks and
the cheapest i found so far it's uh
excuse me are the cheapest i found so
far is a right stuff we can buy def
thing for for 60 bucks now um this says
this is actually not the first time
that's been released of course up
you may remember fox back and day
they're releasing the the first 13
episodes of the first season this brand
new release will pretty much have every
episode of the first season this one
will also have the 36-page guide booklet
featuring all the original seven
characters Carrie will be on it as well
Plus photo galleries and photo galleries
and behind-the-scenes sketches which is
pretty cool so let me help over to the
the tab here for the new video product
placement as I'd say on Digimon this one
will be released under the flat iron
film company label as you can see
there's a lot of labels hair up here
they also released the stuff from any
history lifetime major-league baseball
and scholastic storybook treasures just
to name a few they're also the ones
responsible of releasing the entire
Magic School Bus on DVD so yeah this is
a very very nice surprise and like I
said I did not suck I never saw this one
coming till like late Thursday night so
yeah 36 a 36-page character guide
booklet featuring seven plus carry a
gallery featuring photo
behind-the-scenes sketches the first
seven discs will have a 77 episodes each
the last desk will have the final five
and other bonus features in here as well
so this is pretty neat one so yeah just
like the throwing a plug here that uh
this is the one that you know Digimon
fans have been now I've been wishing for
quite a long time and even though this
is an own and English only release for
me this is a definite day one purchase
for me so just to let everybody know
that the first season of digimon digital
monsters is finally coming out on DVD on
october
we're just not and I mean not very long
from now Wow then we got a lot of
nostalgia in the 90s coming back to DVD
coming for the first time most of the
first time on DVD first Power Rangers
now did you mind is so yeah I cannot
wait to have this set have this uh set
in my collection Oh a little closer
there but there's a couple more stills
here this one here with Sora and yo
c'mon and here's with easy and that
tantamon right here you can tell this is
Matt but Gotham on right here man after
all this time I still remember the names
so yeah again first season did you mind
October night thanks for watching you
guys see ya